h2. Portfolio Machine

by "Ross Brown":http://rossisbrown.com

An undocumented CSS3-littered explosion of awesome. Portfolio Machine is a rotating shelf that displays portfolio items, allowing you to select an item for a more detailed view. It does this by harnessing the power of VHS tapes. And jQuery.

Portfolio items are generated from portfolio.js and placed in index.html with underscore.js's templating function.

jQuery plugins used:

* "underscore":http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/
* "easing":http://gsgd.co.uk/sandbox/jquery/easing/
* "scrollfollow":http://kitchen.net-perspective.com/
* "defuscate":http://www.ia-stud.hiof.no/~joakims/projects/defuscator/

The MIT license does not cover the contents of the /images folder, or the portfolio.js file. I retain the rights to those, suckers.

(The MIT License)

Copyright© 2010 Ross Brown

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.